---
layout: post
date: 2021-05-14
title: Honest poem about me
author: N.K.S
genre: Poem
---


I am neither a morning person nor, a night owl so I felt like I just had to choose one.  

I haven’t.  

I am neither a cat person nor a dog person, and I felt like I had to choose one   

I haven’t.  

I am neither a girly girl nor a tom boy and I felt like I had to be one.  

I am neither.  

Cake or Ice cream, movies or tv shows?  

Why would I choose, I like them both!  

  

I apologize to objects I drop or put out of place.  

I have almost put jam in the pantry and bread in the fridge.  

There are days I only think of my flaws.  

There are days where I say Dang girl who let you!  

There are days that pass with nothing done within it. Whatever.  

There are days when I sing the day away.  

There are days that I never crack a smile.  

  

I used to be a reading dragon and have read Harry Potter 10 times.  

but I have settled down into a nice apple as a bookworm.  

I listen to music while I read.  

I grew up listening to show tunes but being an actor or a singer sounds like the absolute worst. To me at least.  

I have no allergies  

I used to have two phones.  

One for texts and calls that I almost never looked at.  

One for everything else.  

I have been a musician for half my life, but never appreciated that time.  

I only thought of the people that were better, more committed, and had more friends.  

I am tall but don’t play sports  

I could probably outrun a bad guy and get to free food in good time.  

But with my mile time being almost thirteen minuets.  

You won’t see me at the marathon.  

I like to draw and am good at it but never do it.  

I had bad handwriting, but just now started fixing it.  

I am a napping enthusiast.  

I didn’t say my first words until I was two,  

While other kids say them at 12 to 18 months.  

My parents tried to teach me sign language.  

 That didn’t work. (Do in ASL). Make a y-shape, bring it down, and fling your other fingers out= that (Make a fist at your chin, move it away from you, do a thumbs up, then shake your head= didn’t) Make fists with both of your arms, cross them, and tap them together once= work).  

But despite all of this,  

The good and bad,  

I love myself,  

As often as I can.  

Now that you know me,  

And some of my darker secrets I would like to say  

Thanks for listening to my TED talk.  



 




