---
layout: post
title: The Key To The light
author: SR
---

Its winter in midsummer, the marketers are folded, the tress are dead, the homes were destroyed by the wind of the humans. In 1786, in the far, far way land called Langyoard, everyone there was so desperate for sunlight that nobody saw in years, it’s all because of the humans, but Jena changed, and Kate were the ones who were the key to the light. Jen and Pull went to the lake to catch fish, they spent 5 hours digging ice, then they started fishing. Pull cotch something, everybody in the lake is looking at Pull, Jena helps Pull to bring it up, everybody comes closer to see what it is. Villagers: what is it, Jena: can you help instead of watching for god sakes, some people try to help, they pulled it up it was Walmart shopping cart, everyone did not know what it was because they think its 1786 but life was ended in 2024. Jen and Pull toke the shopping cart home, everyone was staring. They want home they were screaming “mom, dad” we found something, their parents looked at them, and said what is this in New English. Everyone was shocked what it was, some people try to eat it, some people try to break it, and some said it was a god, so they started to pry to it. Kate come outside and sees Jena holding the cart, Kate come near Jena and asked her what this is, Jena saying she has no idea. Kate didn’t know what was going on, so Kate they told everyone they need to study it. Kate is the studier in their tiny village, she tells people what is wrong and what is right according to her research, and no there is no internet. After weeks later Kate puts the cart outside, and gathers everyone to tell them, this is safe to use and she showed them how to use it, everyone wanted to use it but Pull found it, Pulls father Hale toke it from his son and clime it his cart, Hale was renting the cart for 4 hours for 5 focus. $5,000 us dollars = 5 focus. Time pass everyone get to rent the cart, and some try to steel it, the people that called the cart their new god were protecting it for Hale, because they thought that Hale was god’s assistant. Mr. Aaron was the leader for the new cart church. Hale was enjoying this, he was making money off this people, including the cart church people it. One morning the cart church try to steel Hales cart but threatened them if they try it again, he will destroy the cart, they stared bagging him not to do it, and they won’t do it again, they gave an oath. The problem was solved with the cart issue with everyone in Langyoard. Langyoard was located on top of New York City, New York City was under water 5,000 feet deep. New York is now home for the sea species. On September 5th A beautiful girl walking in and letting her sunshine shine by power of wind of thunder, she had a long blue hair with sparkling purple eyes, and a pink skin, she had this long white dress with red roses on it, she smelled like a haven. Everyone is staring at her as she walks toward the shore with green high heels. 

Sarah: wow she is beautiful

One of the villagers: she is which of beauty 

Mr. Aaron: she is here to take our god 

Hale: for the first time I will agree with Mr. Aaron 

Hale wife: hello what is your name young lady 

Aberdeen: my name is Aberdeen, what is your mam

Hale wife: Aberdeen what a magnificent name you have, my name is Linda 

Everyone starting at Linda with a shock with the fact that she has not spoken since her son Edward died 5 years an ago, he was at age of 25, with 4 kids, left behind. After months later everyone accepted Aberdeen, they though about life is short and they need to let it go and be happy for rest of the time they have in life. As life go on in Langyoard, they prey to on god, because There were many religions but in this time all religions has been combined and called “light”. There god was light. Then Jena and Kate becoming partners in studying, after 5 years later they found out that there was life before them, so they did more research, and found a way to go underwater and breath. So, they want udder water and saw the statue of liberty in the in the deep under the sea. They saw a light coming from the liberty they want closer and saw humans. There were humans living inside the statue liberty, there was about 500 male and 500 female, also there was 500 kids. If there was more than 1,500 people in there than they would kill the weakest person by eating it meet. Their leader Mr. Lorded was in charge of everything. People inside statue of liber never saw the sun, because in 2024 the government got 1,000 healthy male and female and hided in the secret government place inside the statue. They never saw the light in their life, the people living there didn’t need anything from the outside world because they have everything they need to live, including tiny garden. Jena and Kate went inside by permeation of Mr. Lorded, they want and got out safely with everyone. It took time for everyone to get used to the outside and people around them. The nation become all one to support each other. My name is Taylor Moderated, and this is what I want through, it was scary but now life is normal like I read on the internet we found, now there is no leader everyone does their own part to keep earth safe. 
